their cover blown escape toons
impossible
but these particular fish have a unique
ability
[Music]
they are flying fish
[Applause]
[Music]
with the next two thrusts from their
tails
the flying fish get airborne once more
with a good wind they can guide for
hundreds of meters
but this is just what the frigate birds
have been waiting for
[Music]
when frigates join the hunt
the flying fish are literally caught
between a devil
and the deep blue sea
[Music]
if the flying fish get too much lift
they become easy prey for the frigates
[Music]
[Applause]
if they dive to evade attacks from above
[Music]
they could fall into the mouths of the
Dorado
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]